this is Friday November the 14th and
this is our bread dough this is what
I've been working on this morning and
right now I'm fixin to them it and cut
it and shape it and put it in two lobes
probably got the brook dance parade
these are the bread pans that I use this
is the 12 inch and then I have a tendon
and eight and these are great for
sandwich slice bread and I just ask that
you ignore the love children in the
background okay so I'm just basically
taking the air out of the bread and then
I'm going to cut sections and I've been
doing this long enough that I can kind
of guess about what size that I need for
each pan this one is going to go into
the 8 inch pan and I'm only going to let
it proof because it's been proving quite
a while here I'm only going to let it
proof probably another 20 minutes or so
and then throw it into the oven because
I don't want the bread dough to overflow
the pans so and you get that really
weird like alcohol smell when they
overproof it's kind of a funky ammonia
weird smell or something
they're eight
and whatever I have left over or we're
going to make pizza for lunch and just a
little bit my daughter is grating cheese
for us and we'll be making the pizza I
like to get a smooth top on the lope I
just work it so that the creases at the
bottom
that was a little bit small and they
want to add some more to it in a minute
ah
just as i push it i'm just putting the
crease on the bottom and i'm getting
extra air out of it this particular
bread i won't score scoring is just
cutting a section on the top it would be
as if i took the top and i just cut a
section along the top here with a knife
and then it would all rise kind of
toward that area so we keep the bread
shape but with this particular bread its
pandion and i don't really need to do
that add a little extra to this one so
that it's in the pan it's not too small
for them now I had six pans out today
I'm only gonna make five loaves today it
looks like because we want to do pizza
so I'm gonna keep this for pizza and I
hope that this little tutorial was good
and